The reason why I am "sexy vegan" on my face and chest
Because both are good things
I want the public to know who I am when I see him.
Wait... wait... wait... wait a minute
As far as your logic is concerned, you may also have a "crazy" on your face.
Because you are a madman
Hello everyone, my name is...
We are going to talk about the best YouTuber in history today.
No, I am not saying that I am talking about
Sexy Vegan (Sexy Vegan)
He has a blue hair
Blue eyebrows because blue is my favorite color
My mom... she doesn't like the tattoos on my face.
He tattooed his face
Looks like a freak
He is ready
The reason why I am "sexy vegan" on my face and chest
Because both are good things
I want the public to know who I am when I see him.
The tears here represent that I am suffering
The Avengers "sexy vegan"
First of all, that is the worst and most asymmetrical star I have ever seen.
It seems that a 5-year-old child is better than him.
Are those tattoos his own?? Like...
The stars represent the superstars I want to be and for fun.
And for fun
That represents the superstar I want to be
And also for fun
My mom... she doesn't like the tattoo on my face because it looks like a freak
what?!
How dare you dare to say that?
Please allow me to say that you are very good with blue and I also love blue.
Obviously, that is the best color
Finally, someone is brave enough to talk about these issues, stupid mother.
Don't let me dance naked in the street
There are some movie stars like Tom Cruise but I now have tattoos on my face.
I am more unique, I want to be myself.
People must like me like this
That's the way it is
I don't want to follow them.
My God, he is me at all.
He is simply an exaggerated version of my existence.
Raquel says her brother is "sexy"
It is forbidden to upload things on YouTube and Craigslist for life (Note: Craigslist Craig List: for advertising sites)
And he thinks his existence is equal to God.
Wait... Dr. Phil is talking about me now? What is going on?? This is...
OK, so "Sexy vegan" has a YouTube channel
Obviously, if you upload a video to YouTube, you can be considered a YouTuber.
I just got super-level angry
Because I was just a little embarrassed but not very exaggerated, so...
Hey, welcome to see my newly uploaded Vlog.
I just just got super-level angry.
Obviously we have to learn how to use Youtube properly in the "sexy vegan"
He chose to shoot the wrong ratio of videos
People just don’t dare to do these bold things like him.
He is not a person who conforms to the masses.
He is the most typical youtuber ever.
He even tattooed his face
How can we not discuss his eyebrows!!
Solemnly declare that I don’t call my brother "sexy", I call him "SV"
Just like...
and many more...
What is "SV"??
A shorthand for "the vaginal vagina" (Note: Auntie in the South Park has sand in the vagina of a certain group)
Damn! She is really jealous!
Last year my brother looked like this guy.
But when I saw his recent shift
He is the dog's shape...
I describe my brother as a lazy, unmotivated madman.
He is a hazard to the public
Damn! This clip is really stressful
Have you heard of pewdiepie?
He is a hazard to all races
My mom has two rules for my brother.
Don't be caught
Don't take drugs
He does not see any compliance with any regulations.
I feel everyone knows that some people like this are to some extent
This child is just spoiled, so I started to make problems.
But no one wants to solve it, so just give him whatever he wants.
Finally, let him become such a monster
Awesome!
I love this, I rely on this life.
So... "Sexy vegan" or Hanz DeBartolo also wrote a book called...
Before his transition
Called... "Fargo Lefty's Adventure"
Meeting Fargo Lefty...Fargo is a handsome young vegan writer about 25 years old
From a wealthy family, he still lives in the house his father bought for him.
Fargo has some cool vegan friends
One of them is a rich drug dealer...
Honestly, I want to finish reading it a bit.
My name is "Sexy vegan". I really changed my name to "Sexy vegan".
The name Hanz is no longer suitable for me.
I think this is really a good move to change your name to "sexy vegan"
Especially... stab it on your face
Especially if you have not changed your identity 3 to 4 times in the past 3 years
From Hanz DeBartolo...
To "vegan Hanz"
Then go to "Sexy Authentic Little Justin Charlie Sheen Project" (Note: Charlie Sheen is an American actor)
Seriously, you can find all the changes on the Internet, all there.
That is the saddest thing I have ever seen.
But also super funny
But also... super funny XDDD
Sorry...
I used to lose only 1.3% body fat.
"Beautiful vegan ~ Messiah ~~"
Everyone stares at me when I am out.
Because I wear speedo style swimming trunks (speedo: swimwear brand)
I am super exotic like a "Sapphire Kenney SV"
I like to walk around in swimming trunks.
Because wearing clothes on me is like putting a car cover on the sapphire
This is totally illogical, so I am so angry every time.
People don't want to see my nakedness. This is totally unreasonable.
Because why people don’t see Sapphire Kenny...
My logic is 100% flawless
I am so angry every time
When I went to the grocery store, I was very annoyed with the guards behind.
What is this line?!
I have seen many of his videos.
His speech is a lot worse than here.
(angry) I am so angry every time (angry)
It’s like the producer called him "Hey! Can you speak more angry?"
If I wear swimming trunks, the guard will say: Mr. You need to wear a little more.
I will be like: "But the hot girl can wear it like this"
Hold apologize... sorry, sorry, sexy vegan
Your logic is always flawless
I am not interested in targeting you.
But I don’t think women can wear them like that.
That is what those "normal people" would say.
Finally, there is a brave person like "sexy vegan"
Don't be afraid to tell some controversial issues like...
...sex discrimination and how much it is not good for women
It is also not good for men, ok?
Why girls can go around
Let the teat out
But men can't?!
This is completely in the ghost!
I was kicked out by too many stores.
I was arrested 15 times.
15??!!
Damn!
!@#$ damn!
I have a lot of talents.
I have several Youtube videos.
I was also kicked out by the Youtube channel.
Let the channel be terminated because of excessive pornography
Do you want to know what he is eating?
He made a film, this is the most objectionable thing.
He likes these fake fish cakes.
Plus vegan beauty (vegenaise)
But to be fair, vegan melon is actually delicious, ok?
If you haven't tried it, don't reject it, but, dude...
Vegan melon... vegan cannabis is very delicious
Just as good as normal cannabis
Damn, I actually agree with what he said.
All he eats is crispy chicken and fish fillets.
He didn't even cook them but just microwave
Why do I have to care about other people's diets?
The main problem is self-mother
She doesn't believe me, she is also very pessimistic
You get the focus, sexy vegan
He had problems with his mother and his family, so he went to Dr. Phil.
He finally appeared in Dr. Phil and this is the result
"I am ~ beautiful vegan ~ Messiah ~~"
This is a song, I didn't say that I am... She also knows (silence)
I am like my dad, ok?
10 expensive cars, my dad told me
I have the same name as him until I change my name.
My mom doesn't bail me, even if she knows that I am innocent.
What is he saying??!!
Let me say...
This is not a song...
My dad has the same name.
He has 10 cars
Then my mom didn’t bail me out of prison.
I am liberating more than 7 billion... pigs, their cages are so small that they can’t move for years.
Okay?
I work... my mom is an anti-social scum.
I have the highest record of Hot or Not (Note: a website that votes for photos)
After 327 women rated me, I got 9.9 out of 10
- Come see your talents, your talents? You are ugly and blame-3 hundred... Wow, that is a lot of women.
Ok, stop! Hey! Hey! Look at me!
What is he doing?! Shaking his ass to Dr. Phil?!
- After 327 women rated me, I got 9.9 points out of 10 - Hey! Stop! Hey! Hey! Look at me!
Come see your talents, your talents?
What is your talent? Hey? Hey?
What talent do you have, Dr. Phil?
You are swearing in front of my audience, so I have to ask you to go out.
The audience, I apologize to you.
- It was a naive and immature behavior - great!!
- And... - So I have to go?? - Yes.
- I don't want - don't let the door hit your ass.
Oh my God!!!!!!!!!
Really! I don’t know that Dr. Phil is also very embarrassing.
Then a few months passed
He went back to apologize to Dr. Phil.
For his crimes...
That is, jumping on the stage
My performance at Dr. Phil is totally a disaster.
I lost a chance that my performance was wrong.
My mom is an anti-social scum.
My biggest regret is yelling at Dr. Phil.
- You look at me! - Yes, I agree.
If I have those face tattoos...
My biggest regret is definitely yelling at Dr. Phil.
That will... I fully understand why that is your biggest regret
100% understand not because your face is tattooed
It’s definitely 100 times worse for Dr. Phil’s yelling.
Ok?
So I am very happy that we have a consensus.
I am worried that he did not realize this.
I hate to see my own voice to my mom.
I let my mom down
I don't respect anyone, I used to be a (mute)
"I~~~It was a (muffler)~~"
"I said different strokes for different folks" (probably meaning: different people have different behavior patterns)
One of my songs was inspired by Dr. Phil's "different strokes for different folks"
"different strokes for different folks"
He said on the show...
Oh, really? It’s an original song.
He is really me, right?
He is just plagiarizing
"The answer is that everyone is different"
"Do what you want, as long as you don't hurt anyone."
"There are animals and insects"
- I am really sorry - how recently, dude
- I really appreciate it, you are so good, can forgive me, invite me back - it doesn't matter
- Please sit down - thank you, sir - I am very glad that you are back.
So we don’t need to look at other clips to know
Dr. Phil is like "If you care about animal issues, I also love animals."
"So this means you are actually not that bad"
With this intention, it means that you are a good person.
At the center of your soul
So I said... you know absolutely...
You should check out the "Sexy vegan" Youtube channel.
He definitely needs more subscribers
Because I think he is not arrogant enough
Allow him to profit from followers on more social networking sites
I think it is definitely the best thing for him now.
Instead of seeking psychiatric assistance
From an "expert" for example, like Dr. Phil
Anyway, it’s like this to me.
If you like this movie, please like it.
Then remember to...
Be a sexy vegan
Just like me
What the end of this fuck?!
Oh my god...
Translation, timeline: SV